Requirements
Use the checklist in Trello to mark off each step before proceeding to the next.

Part 1 - GET
The user can see their current list of todos.
Todos show up as soon as the page loads.
If a todo item is complete, it should have a strikethrough line on it
Images should be displayed as images if there are any
Hints:

A createTodo function that takes one todo and inserts it to the DOM is very userfull

Use postman to get those first few todos in there with some images so you can style your list!

var newTodo = {
    title: "Todo One", 
    description: "The first todo",
    price: 200,
    imgUrl:  "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Rsbltq72L._AC_SX522_.jpg",
    completed: false 
};
 {
        "completed": true,
        "title": "item one",
        "description": "todo 1",
        "price": 400,
        "imgUrl": "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Rsbltq72L._AC_SX522_.jpg",
        "sessionId": "adonnelly246"
    }


Part 2 - POST
The user can add new todos to their list. The new item should be posted to the todo API so a future reload of the page will still display that new todo item. Making the new todo appear without a refresh is extra credit, but you're encouraged to attempt it.
A user should be able to geive the item a title.
A user should be able to give the item a price.
A user should be able to give the item a description.
A user should be able to attach an imgUrl to the item
Part 3 - PUT Part 1
Each todo will have a checkbox where it can be marked complete or incomplete
Checking the checkbox should update the database
Part 4 - DELETE
A user will be able to delete todos (this is different from marking a todo as "completed")
Each todo should be rendered with a button marked "X" or "Delete" that when clicked, will delete the Todo


Part 5 - PUT Part 2 (extra credit)
Each Todo will have an "edit" button.
When clicked, the info will change to input boxes that are autofilled with the old Todo data
A user can change the value of these inputs
When the "edit" button is clicked, it will change to a "save" button.
When "save" is clicked, the form will disapear, and the new values will be displayed.
On save, the todo will be edited in the database
Read through the "using id" section in the API documentation to learn how to delete items using the item's unique id.

